com/example/mycore/modules/net/ApiService.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.net.ApiService
com/example/mycore/common/core/Action.java
 com.example.mycore.common.core.Action
com/example/mycore/modules/main/MainActivityModel.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.main.MainActivityModel
com/example/mycore/modules/home/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.home.HomeActivity
com/example/mycore/common/core/FragmentView.java
 com.example.mycore.common.core.FragmentView
com/example/mycore/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.mycore.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/mycore/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.mycore.BuildConfig
com/example/mycore/common/core/ViewStateObserver.java
 com.example.mycore.common.core.ViewStateObserver
com/example/mycore/modules/main/MainActivityAction.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.main.MainActivityAction
com/example/mycore/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.mycore.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/mycore/modules/main/MainFragment.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.main.MainFragment
com/example/mycore/databinding/FragmentSplashBinding.java
 com.example.mycore.databinding.FragmentSplashBinding
com/example/mycore/common/core/ActivityView.java
 com.example.mycore.common.core.ActivityView
com/example/mycore/databinding/ContentSplashBinding.java
 com.example.mycore.databinding.ContentSplashBinding
com/example/mycore/databinding/ActivityTrailerBinding.java
 com.example.mycore.databinding.ActivityTrailerBinding
com/example/mycore/modules/net/GithubAPI.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.net.GithubAPI
com/example/mycore/common/core/CoreUtils.java
 com.example.mycore.common.core.CoreUtils
com/example/mycore/common/core/ViewModel.java
 com.example.mycore.common.core.ViewModel
com/example/mycore/modules/main/MainFragmentAction.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.main.MainFragmentAction
com/example/mycore/modules/main/MainFragmentModel.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.main.MainFragmentModel
com/example/mycore/modules/main/MainActivity.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.main.MainActivity
 com.example.mycore.modules.main.MainActivity$1
com/example/mycore/common/App.java
 com.example.mycore.common.App
com/example/mycore/modules/trailer/TrailerActivity.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.trailer.TrailerActivity
com/example/mycore/modules/main/MainActivityState.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.main.MainActivityState
com/example/mycore/models/UserProfile.java
 com.example.mycore.models.UserProfile
com/example/mycore/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.mycore.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/mycore/modules/main/MainFragmentState.java
 com.example.mycore.modules.main.MainFragmentState
com/example/mycore/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 com.example.mycore.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
com/example/mycore/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.mycore.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/mycore/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.mycore.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/mycore/common/core/State.java
 com.example.mycore.common.core.State
